fix: Resizing glitch on custom titlebar click (closes #2549) (#5966)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/fix-2549.md

---
"tauri": "patch"
---

> fix: Resizing glitch on custom titlebar click (closes #2549)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix resize glitch when double clicking a custom titlebar in the top resize area.
```
